Long long ago in a far away land sat a young girl passionate about horses and the newly found enjoyment of dial up internet. 
What a thing to explore! After that wonderful screeching sound of the internet connecting, she quickly typed in her favorite 
horse game site, she was racing against the clock, one hour of internet time, what was not finished today would have to wait 
until tomorrow. 
Her favorite horse game site had just announced they were allowing members to create and submit their own horse stable websites. 
What a dream! With excitement and the speed of her fingertips she looked up how to create a website. Over the course of the next 
few weeks with much searching and looking up HTML and CSS she put together her very own site. This site featured all her virtual 
horses and their own pages with information and write-ups. It was submitted and approved by the horse game. Her first very own 
site on the world wide web!
Over the course of years she continued playing these games, building websites for virtual horse stores, vets, associations and 
stables. She loved it! 
But one day the big bad wolf came and as life got busier and pressure of adulthood and working several jobs came, the horse games 
diminished. The love of website building took a back seat. She would find a game and start her stable website again and feel that 
joy she once felt long ago, then life would step in and she would have to step down. Years went by as life took her away to work 
long hours and then eventually open her own business. Although she loved working for herself, the endless hours of work left little 
free time, all work no play. 
Until a stroke of bad luck hit and she was forced to make a decision. She talked and sought much counsel from loved ones on what to 
do and where to go next. A wonderful brother in law told her, ‘you remember those websites you built when you were a kid.’ She nodded, 
‘yes’. He smiled and told her ’I can teach you how to do that. I can teach you how to build and code websites and have that be your job.’ 
She lit up, ‘Yes let’s do it.’ She wrapped up the business and settled into a learning schedule going through courses and free weeks to 
build whatever she wanted with what she had learned. Amazing things were introduced to her, current HTML, and CSS, JavaScript, and React, 
she dappled a bit with Express servers and PostgresSQL database and the love that had alway been there resurfaced. Her eyes were open to 
the great big world of programming and the many wonderful and cool things that can be done.  

That girl is me. I am excited to see what a career in programming can bring and how I can grow in the industry and learn. I want to take 
what I know now and expand my knowledge and my ability to code. 
‘The art of learning is not to be a genius but to be determined.’

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

You may be asking, 'who is this person?' Or 'How did they get here?' or maybe even after looking over the whole resume, 'Why are they here 
applying for this job?' I can answer those questions. I am a hard working self starter programmer.
As a kid I loved using HTML and CSS to build websites for virtual horse games that I was involved in. When I began working full time, 
website building and those fun games took a backseat. I worked for various horse ranches during highschool and right out of highschool. I 
learned a lot and was able to gain hands-on experiences in the horse industry, which is something I still have a passion for to this day. I 
later moved into dog grooming where I found a new passion. I was able to learn how to bathe and later groom dogs. This enabled me to be able 
to open up my own business. A business I loved. Unfortunately a bad luck streak hit and I was forced to make a decision. I choose to explore 
other options.
My brother in law who has been in the web development industry for several years reminded me of how much fun I had making those old sites when 
I was younger. He set me on a course to learn and teach me a refresher course in HTML and CSS and learn about JavaScript, React and a little about 
PostgreSQL and Express. In this time of learning I've done some projects merging my passion for horses and my passion for programming. 

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

As a kid I loved using HTML and CSS to build websites for virtual horse games that I was involved in. When I began working full time, website 
building and those fun games took a backseat. I worked in various animal related jobs (ranch hand, dog groomer), until I was able to finally 
open my own business grooming dogs. A business I loved. But after 5 awesome years, I realized that the life of a business owner isn’t what I 
wanted at this point. My brother in law, a software engineer himself, reminded me of how much fun I had making those old sites when I was younger. 
With the money I made selling my business, I decided to jump back into web development. I’ve been having a blast rekindling my old passion, and 
learning the new modern ways of writing code. While my background isn’t full of programming experience, I’d like to say it shows my hard work ethic 
that has carried over to my love for programming.
